Hello!
Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session!
Welcome one and all, thank you so much for coming down here to Nerdmelt Theater in Hollywood, California.
And thank you to all you beautiful weirdos listening on the podcast universe.
Please join me in welcoming the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Thank you.
Tonight I'd like to complain a lot.
Just in one of those moods, I have a lot of things I'd like to complain about.
Actually, I've categorized them all, specifically, because complaining isn't charismatic, ever.
You could complain even if you had one leg.
If you complained about it too much, people secretly behind your back would be like,
he won't shut the fuck up about it.
It's like, just fucking own it, man.
But the guy with one leg that comes in and goes like, hey, let's hop to it.
Everyone's like, Leonard owns it, he loves it.
Complaining primatologically is not an attractive feature.
Strangely enough, it seems to have been selected very highly in our species, because we all complain a lot.
But it doesn't seem to turn anybody on, audiences don't like it.
And especially in my situation, I find I have a lot of things to complain about.
So I want to start a new feature, a new Harmontown feature,
podcasts, they like little categories and features, little desk bits.
So I thought in the green room, we call this feature things I'm afraid to complain about,
because it'll make me sound like an asshole.
Things dance afraid to complain about, things dance afraid to complain.
Where's the music?
Yeah.
I mean, here's a classic example, just to start you off, what do you mean, Dan?
What kind of complaint can make you sound like an asshole?
Doesn't every complaint make you sound like an asshole?
No, I complain about lots of stuff all the time.
This show is very hard to do, by the way.
It's hard to come down here.
You think you're a small audience?
I have a small heart.
But here's a real humdinger.
Things dance afraid about, number one.
My gardener is doing something wrong.
I'm not finished.
I can't put my finger on it, but my decorator agrees.
He backed me up on it.
He was leaving, my decorator looked at my front lawn and said,
your gardener is doing something wrong.
And I agree.
I said, Kurt, you're right.
Is your decorator Greek?
Or gay?
Did I make him gay?
You did a gay character?
Yeah, well, he is a gay character.
I don't think he would deny that.
He's a decorator.
If he's straight, he's required to act gay if he wants business.
He buys pillows for a living.
He knows where his bread's buttered.
Do you think that's a possibility that he's faking?
I think the pressures are on.
I could imagine, for real,
even though that seems like sitcom fodder.
Truthfully, if you were in the decorating business,
I could picture the pressure being on you.
The feeling of disappointment from the rich people
that answer the front door and you're like, hey, Carl.
I had to drop my wife off.
I don't know.
I think there's probably pressure on him.
He could be straight as an arrow.
That doesn't matter, though.
I have no complaints about that.
I have a complaint about the fact that the person
whose job it is to water and...
I'm not even sure what his job is,
but he's doing something wrong.
The plants feel lifeless.
And I'm not allowed to complain about that for obvious reasons.
You guys don't have gardeners.
Your buildings have gardeners.
My building had a gardener.
But then when you own a home, you have a gardener.
If you're going to commit to the archetype of rich guy
complaining about gardeners and designers,
I would say commit.
I'm bringing out the worst...
These are the worst things.
I don't want you liking me after this feature is done.
If you did going in, I want you to go, Jesus Christ.
What gardener, decorator?
Go fuck yourself.
Complaining about it.
Fuck you.
That's what I'm getting off of my chest.
The plants feel lifeless outside.
Something's going wrong out there.
And really, if the decorator hadn't said anything,
I don't think I would have noticed.
He's gay all right.
Here's the next one.
I don't like people trying to help me.
That's a short one.
Says the guy who has a gardener and a decorator.
Jeff, if that's where you're going,
this is going to be a bunch of slam dunks.
That's not...
Sorry, are you one step ahead of me on that one?
I'm sorry.
Well, I mean, this is a headline on this thing.
I will withhold my witty bone moans.
Well, I mean, I'm a dick.
That's the point of the whole thing.
Do whatever you want, Jeff.
Just thank you for not trying to help me.
I went outside my house today,
and there was some kind of sewer emergency happening.
There was a yellow truck,
and there were two people and dickies,
and they were putting pitchforks down the hall,
and tubes and stuff.
Dickies like the fake turtlenecks?
What are they called?
Isn't dickies also the name of the fucking...
What are those called?
Those kind of industrial kind of cover all shirts.
Yeah, they're called dickies. Thank you.
They were sticking sticks down the hall.
I don't know if there was an alligator missing
or something.
We have a missing alligator.
Go out there.
We got to go to each manhole one by one
and poke down it.
If it comes back bit off like a cartoon,
then we know we found the right manhole.
Then we got to figure out how to get that alligator
back to its owner.
He responds to the name Twinkie.
So they're out there and they got cones.
Long story short, I don't think King Harmon
is going to be able to get out of his garage.
King Harmon?
Yeah, that's just called myself King Harmon.
It's my garage.
It's my street.
They're in front of it. They're poking sticks down a hole.
I went up to them and said,
good morning.
I'll be coming through here.
Do you think I'll fit?
They're like, yeah, you will.
So I go up to my car
and Erin McGathy gets on the other side.
She spent the night.
I think
I think it's going somewhere.
Did you guys
I think if I know what you mean,
yes, I did play Fall Out New Vegas
all night.
Yes, I did.
Let's just say
in hardcore mode.
Which is really cool, by the way.
Fall Out New Vegas fans
here.
I made brief eye contact
with one of our few women
in the audience. I projected shame
under your face.
I know, I know.
You're doing nothing wrong. You're just staring forward,
looking and listening. But as I was
ass-pulling, any video game people are like, oh god, girls.
Which is silly
because there's lots of girls and I'm sure they all like video games.
That's the one-two punch
of sexism and then reverse
self-loathing.
That's what nerd men do to women.
It's the glass floor.
With
spikes on it.
In the bottom of the hobby shop.
Not very
kingly.
Not very kingly, no. Not befitting a king.
So I get in my car and I back out
and the guy
he gets behind the car.
He gets between the car and his poop
truck.
I can see him
gesticulating.
He looked like he was tossing
a pizza.
That's not racist because he wasn't Italian.
That's
how I would describe what he was doing.
He was like, hey, Luigi, oh, I want the motor
pizza. Just shaking his hands
like a muppet.
He had sticks on his elbows and it was someone's
birthday. That's all I saw.
I'm
going to do whatever I was going to
do.
My goal isn't to back
my car into your poop truck.
I think that's the one thing I know is there.
I came over and said good morning to the poop
truck driver and said, I'm coming out.
He doesn't need, now he's standing
between my car and the thing he doesn't want
me to hit. All he's doing is making me
have less space to do my
very difficult why turn around a poop
truck. I was complaining about it the whole time
and Aaron said he's trying to help you.
I don't care.
That's what I didn't like about him. He tried to
help me. I don't like it.
Yeah.
I don't like him.
I don't have to say anymore about that. I resent
the amount that he's been in my life already.
I want him out.
There are times when people try to help you and
they get in the way. That guy was making it
harder for you to do the
inevitable. Next item.
Everyone should have to wear name tags
all the time.
That's the last time I was ever happy was in
kindergarten. Everyone had
a Kool-Aid lid around their neck with
yarn and it had their name on it
and I'm sorry
I have to walk a tightrope here.
Because what I want to say,
first of all, I wish I could say these two
things at the same time, but the first thing I
want to say is if your name's Dave
and
you're not a lion tamer
you don't have
a hat that says Dave on it.
Your name's Dave. It's one of eight
names that we have.
There's nothing wrong with it. My name's Dan.
Here's the thing
I wish I could say at the same time
because it sounds like I'm bullying guys with
unremarkable names.
I also don't want you to be named
Xander or
Ginger Root or
Safari with two R's
and a T.
I don't like that
either. I don't like you.
I don't like people. Your names
are not words.
They should be like everyone,
if you fought a bear when you were a kid
your name should be fought a bear.
I think we know we had a chance
at that society and someone
fucked it up.
What would your
given Indian name be?
If you were a Cherokee
or a Navajo.
I like the idea of it not being up to me.
That's a lot of pressure to put on a guy.
Because then everyone's name would be like
Pretend.
He's got goggles under the burden of his own dick.
Weakens in the knees when he pees
and people would be just doing
bitch.
Constantly the target of jealousy among eagles.
Comes a river.
Use your imagination
as a gifted writer.
Sick TP owner.
Pretend
you're the village and there's an 8-year-old
Dan Harmon walking around.
What do you think?
Poobs his pants.
Dirty, dirty, dirty face.
I was very dirty. I would play under
the stairs and stuff.
But maybe on the prairie, maybe I was longing for the prairie.
There was no stairs there.
I think I am.
I'm a little part Native American
that one of my dad's
was
Your dad had 8 dads?
Yeah, he's passed around a lot.
So it's not a biological connection,
but sometimes I feel the nature calling me.
Because
one of the guys that hit my grandma
was
100% chuck-taw.
I feel it.
Sometimes when I drive past a gas station
I'm like, I want to get
some lucky strikes and wear
more denim.
And I want to jeep.
If you were the chief
of a tribe, and you know,
you kind of are. You're the mayor of Harmontown.
King Harmon.
How would you give an Indian name
to your girlfriend, Erin?
What would that be?
Grips like a vice.
What am I?
I don't know.
When did controlling become instigating?
Does anyone remember?
I'm going to try to provoke you.
You could have said,
you know, chase his clouds away.
You could have said something else.
You made it dirty.
Strawberry head.
That's what I call her.
And I'd be a little cloud baby.
Erin, you're off mic.
What would your Indian name be for Dan?
You can think about that.
We'll come back to you.
When you've got it, raise your hand
and we'll mic you up.
We'll send a guy out with a lob.
All right.
Moving on. The segment's working.
Toothbrushes in hotel rooms
and more importantly, toothpaste.
I'll bring the toothbrush.
As long as you don't outlaw that.
TSA, which is a private company.
Not a fucking government agency.
Fucking those people at the goddamn airport.
And by the way, I'm not going to leave the charge,
but let's all opt out of the fucking scatterback machines.
They make me dizzy.
They make me nauseous.
Something's going wrong.
I'm sure it's an urban.
We went through an airport with Dino
and Dino was like in line and he said like,
you know the guy who invented that
thing won't go through it.
And
he didn't say it.
He said it louder than
I'm comfortable saying anything in an airport,
but he didn't say it.
But you could tell that they were like
they were
and I don't know
that it's true. I just know that they
reacted to their
sick of hearing about that.
Little
edit
and also look up synonyms
for moments.
I don't know.
And patch it in later with a voice synthesizer.
I got to keep moving, man.
I don't want to get on a lot of tangents tonight.
That's my
Jack Benny catchphrase.
Did Jack Benny have a catchphrase?
What does this say?
The physical thing.
But he started
on the radio. So he must have had
a verbal equivalent of doing that.
My oh my.
Rochester.
That was
Snaggle Puss.
Toothpaste.
Toothpaste in hotel rooms.
You're not allowed to bring
toothpaste on the plane.
Hotels,
you're in the business of trying
to anticipate what your guests want.
We know you have toothpaste.
The cat is out of the bag
because every time we call down to the front desk
for it, you have it.
You have a box of toothpaste.
You just don't want to put it in the room
because some people might not use it.
And you're going to get rich
one nickel at a time.
Unbelievable.
You have a hotel chain.
Did you make it out of empty
toothpaste containers?
Did you use the money
to build the 13th floor that you saved
in toothpaste?
There's leftover
change somewhere in the hotel business.
A little packet of toothpaste.
You don't make us call down for soap.
N words.
I may have mentioned this before.
I have a real problem with the
housekeeping.
They didn't invent this.
Mostly women, but probably some men
that are the housekeepers
in the hotels around the world.
They didn't invent this, but apparently
there's a rule, a mandate,
that they must fold all Kleenex
and toilet paper into that neat little V thing
to make it easier to use
to make it...
Sometimes
your next shit's on us.
They'll take the first three Kleenex
and fold it into some kind of rosette.
That doesn't say fancy.
That says previously handled.
Now we're getting into this.
Maybe we'll bring some of you up here.
I would say a little less touching
with the paper and the Kleenex.
I'm going to put this in my nose in a moment.
Why do I want your...
You clean bathrooms really.
The title of this episode will be
I'm mad as hell for no real good reason
and I am going to take it.
But I'm going to keep complaining anyway.
My bathtub doesn't work.
The one that would shoot water up my butt.
By loving it.
And the motor burnt out.
I don't know who installed this thing
but nobody can find the motor.
I'm going to complain about my contractor too.
He can't find my bathtub's motor.
He's punching holes in walls
and then he's going,
it's not in there.
There's like three holes. He can't find the motor.
I'm mad at the guy that invented the motor.
I'm mad at the guy that installed it.
I'm mad at the contractor.
I bought this house from
and they ran down the driveway
sniggering and chuckling
counting my money
because they knew that bathtub was going to break.
I have to say that there was a
Dan Harmon that moved into that house
and there was this big bubble bath
and he used to get in the bubble bath
because Dan not famous for bathing.
Right.
All of a sudden he became Mr. Bubble Bath.
He was up to his tits
and lather for the first few months
and shooting a water jet
out of the side of the thing up his asshole
jerking off to heaven knows what
and you were
you were happy as a pig and shit
for a long time.
You know how happy I was?
I didn't have to jerk off to anything
because that's your big question.
What do you take your iPad in there?
You put it in a plastic bag in case it falls in?
What are you looking at?
It's so fun. Nothing. I'm not looking at anything.
I was in a little rave.
I was just dancing
and maybe I'd put on some music.
Maybe like...
You had the jet going up the booty
and...
I'm doing the moves.
You're covered in suds and then the thing broke
and you've become an irascible asshole.
Yeah, I fucking am angry. That's what it is.
I'm glad we figured this out.
This is why it's important to talk to people.
I said the moment you fix that motor
we're going to know the difference.
All right.
We're going to go to the airport.
Okay?
At the airport.
These bars that you go to in the airport.
Remember, you guys don't remember.
There's a culture to this.
When you would go to the airport
the idea was they had bars at the airport
and it was a judgment-free zone
because you might be flying
in across the world.
You don't know...
What's at 6am?
I'll have a margarita
I'm from Australia.
I'm selling socks down there.
To me, it's 2pm.
The idea of an airport bar
was supposed to be a better bar
than a regular bar.
It was a bar where you were
floating through. It was like most easily.
Hammerhead could be there.
You talk to a guy that distributes
parts for machines
and stuff.
You get so drunk.
All you're going to do is get on a plane and maybe die.
You get drunk.
It's the one fun thing about
stuffing yourself into a metal tube
and being bossed around
by some of the
least remarkable people.
At just the anxiety level
the idea that
you could die on one of those things
that's safer than a car.
I don't care.
I want to die in a car.
I should probably
knock on some kind of wood.
My hands are on the wheel
or at least I'm in the thing.
I don't know. I see what hits me.
I would much rather die in a plane crash than in a car wreck.
If I'm going down
I want to be a participant.
I want to be in that roller coaster
and go, Jesus Christ, this is it.
That's like getting
shot at a DMV.
The last thing you see
at threshold guardians
feel like you...
At 350 miles an hour though
that's fun.
It's going to be awesome
to die in a plane crash.
A car wreck is in a movie
where there's always that act tube bullshit
with some happy couples backing out of the driveway
and they're like, I see this, I could smash
and some truck drives them over.
Anybody that writes a movie with that scene
I'm going to punch on the dick.
Hey listen man
what kind of rice?
At my wedding?
Yeah, your wedding to getting in plane crashes.
That's a new thing.
I call it a chain zinger.
You ask somebody a nonsensical question
and you string them along into your zinger.
Sometimes you can chain them real long.
Okay, I did it wrong.
Do it again.
I think that anyone that writes that
sneak attack car crash in a movie
should be punching the dick.
Was there a fine involved?
For what?
Did the ASPCA find you?
For doing what?
Didn't all the pigeons explode and stuff?
Did the pigeons explode?
I thought they eat rice and then they explode
when they're at a wedding.
Wait, I was talking about car crashes and plane crashes.
I thought you were going to marry getting in
fucking plane crashes.
You won't shut the fuck up about it.
Our next guest.
Chain zinger.
Aaron insists on calling them
what kind of rice is.
Which is easier to remember,
but it's not going to take off.
I'm not going to sell that paperback.
I want a Harris Wittels career here.
I want a humble brag book on every table.
Can we talk about
your brother's bucks,
the doll hairs thing?
Oh, yeah, my brother.
My brother
is very upset.
I don't know how many of you are long-time listeners,
but his brother,
Bones,
he's a recurring character on this.
Well, not anymore, because I read some of his emails.
We had Adam read some of his emails,
and he was very...
I understand completely.
I'm not complaining about my brother
being offended by how I talk about him.
My goal is to make fun of him
when I talk about him.
I'm squeezing him like a sponge.
I'm trying to get joy for other people
out of him.
He's had enough.
He doesn't get any more from me.
I want something from him.
He's my big brother,
so you get to think about him like that.
I challenge him to fly out from wherever he is
to come to Hollywood, California
and be on the show.
Live on stage.
Everybody?
You hear that, Bones?
You're pussy.
They're calling you out.
They're calling you out, you pussy.
He can stay at your place, man.
I got a couch.
Bones, you're staying with me.
Maybe he'll try to convince you he invented peanut butter and jelly.
Wait, what?
No.
I get to tell people about that.
He doesn't get to be mad.
If your brother tries to convince you
he invented peanut butter and jelly when you're kids,
when you're 39 and you tell people about that,
he doesn't get to be mad.
Whatever. He can be as mad as he wants.
I don't care.
That's adorable big brother stuff.
Yeah, you get to do that.
Anyways, why'd we bring him up?
Oh, doll hairs.
One time, you know that doll hairs thing?
I got like, hey, I'll give you $20
if you run into the traffic
and then the big brother says,
I said doll hairs.
So my brother did that to me once
and I was like, okay, all right.
My brain grew a little bit.
I was like, all right.
Note to self.
Keep a little leprechaun file
if it seems too good to be true,
dot, dot, dot, and all that.
Add a little serotonin connection
to the concept of currency
and possible word play.
And so one time,
he said, I don't remember
what the dare was.
Like, go jump over that prickly plant
or something stupid.
Like, what do we, rare rabbit?
He said, I'll give you 100 bucks.
And I said,
and I was a little precocious little kid.
So I went, yeah, right.
I know that means male deer.
Like, he's going to give me 100 male deer.
But I was running through.
I was like, okay, let's figure this out.
In the old west, I would have been worth like $5,000.
And he said, he said, no,
I'm not going to give you male deer.
I said bucks. I'm going to give you 100 bucks.
And I was like, okay, bucks, bucks, bucks,
then nothing, nothing.
Like, okay, and I jumped over the thing,
whatever it was.
And then he grabbed me
and he kind of started humping me
and said,
I'll give you 100 bucks.
Now, if he heard me telling that story,
he'd get, apparently,
he'd get in a big huff.
I mean, you know, he was probably 12.
He would say it didn't happen.
Right.
He would impugn your memory of that.
Why would I make that up?
He would probably live it about this
insinuation that I had concocted
that he would wear,
he would put a tube sock on his dick and balls
and let the sock hang down
and being naked and he'd run into the living room
when my mom was there and be like,
ah, and my mom would go, ah, stop it.
And so he wrote in his email,
he was like,
what the fuck are you making shit of?
Like, what are you fucking like?
People pay you to make up shit like this?
Kind of like really trying to high road me
and I said,
I have a Polaroid of you doing it.
I literally have photographic evidence
in my home
of use.
Yeah, I think mom took the Polaroid
because you're standing
with your hands on your waist
like a superhero
with a sock on your cock.
And then in his next response
he was like, this is starting to sound
a little gay, you got pictures of me naked
of that.
Like, just
dipping and dodging and like,
just own the fucking sock, who cares?
Anyways,
what was the, god damn it,
and then he said in the same email,
and I did it years before the fucking chili peppers.
Because
I mentioned it,
I think that the chili peppers did it too
and he bothered to,
you gotta pick a flag, man.
That one I like,
be a big brother like that.
I did it way before the fucking chili peppers
and I was like, hey man, you know what,
I will put a correction section in my,
I don't think I implied that the chili peppers
did it first, by the way.
We could talk about this all day, but
his indignance was
kind of shut things down.
He successfully made me feel bad for making him
the butt of my jokes. It's like behind the music
except he's not in a band.
When I put myself in his shoes
I fully support his
right to be
really offended, pissed off, frustrated,
irritated, whatever.
Which is why I challenge him to come to California.
I was offering him,
I was giving him the heads up and saying,
anything you write in an email back in response,
I'll have Adam read that too
and
try to get your revenge.
I'm not saying that's fair, but it's like what I'm offering.
And then he was saying
he takes more than that, man,
and I was like, what do you want?
I don't like him.
He wanted me to, I don't know,
I just felt like it was moments from asking for a
truck or something.
Why did you bring him up?
Oh, but Fox, yeah, he's done, he's toast.
Okay, that's it.
We were talking about, we were at the drawing room
talking to Joe Unger about Ring of Fire.
Right, that's how that came up.
Joe, who's a regular at the drawing room,
talking about Johnny Cash, everyone loves Johnny Cash,
playing him in the jukebox, having a good time.
My friend Joe is a great dude.
He's from Tennessee.
He talks with a great Tennessee accent,
man, you're the real deal.
He's the grooviest guy in the world.
He's like an old, yeah, kind of Sam Elliott
kind of figure at the drawing room.
And then he said today, he wasn't perpetuating
this myth, but he was in states.
So somebody, you ever hear,
somebody told me Ring of Fire
is a prisoner he talked to.
I was talking to a prisoner.
It was a guy who had been in jail.
That's the person that told him that.
That was going around a prison.
All right.
Yeah, that Johnny Cash was gay
and that Ring of Fire
is about a man's
butthole.
I don't think that's how being gay works.
I don't think that's how being secretly gay
country superstar works.
You're like, oh, I feel like such a fraud.
I gotta somehow
express myself
and my sexuality.
I'll
make a song called
Ring of Fire. The Ring of Fire is secretly
a butthole.
I don't think that's how it works.
I don't believe that theory.
How do you think it works?
I don't know. What do you mean?
What did George Michael do?
What do you do when you're
polysexual
and you live in a
homophobic world
and people like to hear you sing
and women like to throw panties at you
and you have to write songs.
You are ambiguous about the object
of your love.
You say, baby, baby, I love sleeping
with you and you know that you're talking
about Steve.
You leave he and she out of it.
You don't say, there's
a circular tunnel
in my future
and I'm going inside
and it's walls are brown
and I look around
and I
like to go here again.
Butthole.
You don't do that.
Because that's not what's...
Gay people are human beings
is the theme of this show tonight.
We hate to bury the lead.
They're not like kids'
serial spokes models that
just crave buttholes.
The way a rabbit craves
lucky charms or tricks or whatever.
They're not defined by...
What way a rabbit craves
lucky charms?
An Irish rabbit.
They're not like
the cookie crook.
The
butt is just a thing that
there's a co-relation.
It's not a cause-effect relationship.
They're not mythical creatures.
So tonight, Harmontown
tackles the sensitive
issue of homosexuality.
We're going to face this head-on
and not in a weird make-policy kind of way.
There's been some big old...
There's been some big do-ins
in the world of gay rights.
I saw something on red and I can't remember what it was.
Is anybody well-versed on this?
Anybody know the reason stuff?
If you're a minor
in California,
what's your name, sir?
Nathaniel.
I'm trying to be the fancy
version of me.
I've grown up
hurt by Nathaniel's.
When you're a Daniel
in a Nathaniel's world,
it hurts.
You always feel like
less.
Don't complain.
I wish some
just-hearted gym coach could have
made you into a Daniel.
What Nathaniel reminded me of
is they passed legislation in California.
It's
unconstitutional. I don't know
what the language is going to be.
It's against the law
to try to straighten
gay kids.
It's illegal
to have
programs
that cure camps that you go to.
You learn that the reason you're gay
is because of Jesus
and they put enough into you
to make you straight.
You basically kidnap them.
It's sort of like
because they're minors.
They kidnap you
when you're going.
The law gets fuzzy when it's
drug addiction and mental illness
and stuff. If you're a minor,
what if you're not addicted
to any drugs and you're not crazy?
You're just 16 and you're kind of gay.
California
now says mom and dad
have to answer
to the law if they stuff
you in the station wagon and take you to a special
place where they show you the glory
of the vagina by flashcard.
I was pointing at it
with a pointer.
That's how I learned it, Dan.
A trail of M&Ms into these
fiberglass
vaginas
or little trails of dicks.
They're like, look, we know
we're going to wean you off it
with no pun intended.
The flashcards,
there's a hundred of them. They start off like dicks
but they slowly morph into like
kind of neuter and then they become a vagina
at the end of them.
If they actually made approaches like that, that would be great
because they don't actually just break down even more barriers
because halfway through the morphed
dick vagina, some kids will go, wait,
that's what I like.
I didn't even know that was a thing.
I'm googling it.
I like that half dick vagina thing.
I like that.
I like that very small hole with a clitoris
the size of a flashlight.
I don't know what you call that.
Some kind of Dr. Seuss
creature. I want one of them.
I learned it by watching you.
Anyways, yeah. Thank you, California.
I thought it was other stuff.
You know what?
You know what I love about gay rights?
This is what I love about it.
As a straight, white, fat,
lazy, liberal.
Gay rights is so easy.
It's not easy for gay people.
They're going through a turbulent time of trying to
be treated equally.
They're being bullied and whatever.
They want to create a world for themselves
and their loved ones where
that doesn't matter to the goddamn government
in a world where so much
more weird shit
doesn't matter to the government.
They can look the other way.
I'm Proopsin' it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not at his level. I don't read the newspaper.
But the gay rights thing
is so easy.
You don't expend any energy
being in favor of it.
You know those women
that
yeah.
Remember
when that little girl
got killed, Joan, Benet, Ramsey,
the little girl.
Sometimes this happens in the news.
It's all quiet down.
There's always the people
you read about them
in articles
and it's like a periphery
to the story that
because the story is happening
there's people outside the suspect's
house yelling at them
going.
You see it on the news, you'll see B-roll of
these women.
It's usually women.
It's okay for me to say that
because I realize
that women are
these are crazy women.
They're not crazy because of their women.
I think they're watching the news
and they see that someone may have killed a baby
and they get
so excited
because the lines between good and evil
are a change and they just
show up outside these houses with
bloody Barbie dolls and go
whore killer!
Whore killer! Baby killer!
And it's like
what a brave stance.
You're such a hero.
You're so...
I should really pitch in.
Here I am on my way to work
while I let the justice system deal with
someone who may have killed a baby.
Letting that person
who may or may not have killed a baby
know that I'm against killing babies.
Dan, are you soft
on baby killing?
Softer than these strange people.
And I guess that there's a
relationship I'm drawing there.
I'm pointing at myself, I'm looking at the man
in the mirror. Dan Harmon would rather have a
jacuzzi jet up his asshole than
save a baby being killed.
Come on, man.
I can't remember what I was saying.
It's just...
More like comp interupturling.
Interloping.
I don't know.
I think...
I'm an advocate
of my gay chums.
I want them to have everything that they
can possibly have and more.
Outside of more.
I think they should be gayer.
And they should have more of the gayer they are.
I think there should be a social program
that if you register
as an official gay person
you should have a better car.
Because you're out there
representing the forefront
of a raised consciousness.
A gay reward system?
Yeah, give you a little...
whatever. I'm being glib.
But why is that so easy for me to say?
Well, because it's easy.
Because the alternative is
like these idiots.
Who cares what gay people do?
How often do you get an opportunity
to be heroic by saying,
I don't care what you do?
That's a lazy person's dream.
So I'm calling myself out on that.
That's my point.
I'm being like a fat southern lady
on the front lawn of a suspected murderer
yelling baby killer when I say
great job, California.
I'm passing that gay legislation.
So who cares, Harmon?
Your cookies in the mail
from the Gay Federation.
How do you think
you could properly
reward the gay community?
With a big kiss.
I don't know.
What do you mean? Money?
I give to that
organization.
I should give more.
Actually, I slouched out
this year.
I'm not saying this is where anyone should spend their money,
but it's something very comforting
to me about it.
It's called the Los Angeles Gay
and Lesbian Center.
The money
that you give them goes to just helping
super
teen runaways, basically.
Specifically, who are running away
from a life that's being hard on them
because they are lesbian, gay, bisexual,
whatever, or transgender.
Kids that are going to end up
because of that,
they're just going to become a statistic.
They're going to go downhill.
It's a shelter you can go to.
They give you a certain amount of time
that you can just stay there for free
and get your shit together.
There's programs and stuff from there
and they try to...
A lot of people come to LA
running from shit in Iowa.
It's a nicer place
for someone to end up.
Hunger is a better thing to solve
with your money.
You asked how to give back
to the gay community.
If you're wondering, the Library of Congress
suggests the LA Gay and Lesbian Center.
I probably got the name wrong.
I was on the road doing comedy shows.
We were in Central, Missouri
and Illinois.
I'm straight.
When I walk into a restaurant
or a bar
in really rural America,
they're safe to assume
that I could be from the moon.
I don't look like anybody that's from there.
When I say,
do you have anything as vegetarian?
I almost get gay-bassed
for that.
Being vegetarian
in certain parts of the country
is pretty rough.
I feel like I can relate
to the...
to the persecution.
Yeah, well, it's like
I feel bullied by my gardener.
I don't know what he's doing.
I don't think that's fair.
Do I have to learn special gardener language?
What would you call it?
Spanish?
In order to be able to say...
Sorry, Juliet,
our friend visiting from Mexico.
You're not a gardener.
You are?
You have a gardener.
I'm rich.
She's rich.
What nationality is your gardener?
Mexican.
There you go.
It's supposed to be so much more uncomfortable there, right?
They're like...
I'm kidding.
Can we talk about the fact that
you tell me a story about
sometimes your TV turns on?
I want to ask Juliet something.
National in the audience.
I want to ask about the music,
because there's guys working on my house right now.
This is continuing the theme of unlikeability.
I'm an uncharismatic person.
I am lazy.
It sounds like polka, yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I'm Mexican.
You want a cookie?
I know.
He made a very sad face
and held out his hand and nodded his head.
It's a Nortanio style, right?
Orcordians, right?
That's polka.
It sounds so much like polka, though,
that it's crazy.
It's like Joseph Campbell would go crazy.
I don't understand the connection between
Poland and Mexico.
Well, that's the geographic connection.
There you go.
German immigrants
to the northern of the country.
And then it just
merged.
Now everybody likes it and I'm running away from it.
Do we have that mic?
Or should we repeat that for the podcast?
That's probably not going to be heard, right?
Should we have Giulietta come up as a special guest?
Yeah, that's right.
We're going to bring Giulietta
from Mexico.
Giulietta, everybody, from Mexico.
She's going to explain to us why
the polka music sounds like polka.
Here, you can take this mic and I'll grab one.
Okay.
Yeah, this is a very interesting story from the north of the country.
Wait, I want to introduce you first.
Giulietta
for hardcore
Armenians, like people who are cross-platform
multiple
year Armenians.
Giulietta is a community fan
who draws a lot of the
cool community fan art.
You would see her on Twitter.
She's at Juju Giulietta.
At Juju Giulietta.
You've seen
some interesting community fan art,
some of which I have hanging in my home.
I've seen many.
She's based in Mexico
and she's out here visiting and looking for job opportunities
and stuff.
Don't tell immigration.
I want to hear the story of
she's out here getting married.
Is that
how it works?
She's out here taking pictures
of the Hollywood sign.
Over and over again.
Do you think immigration listens to podcasts?
I absolutely
have no intentions of instilling jobs
from Americans or
stealing their wives. That's not what I'm doing here.
Just also don't. Check your clothes
for seeds and other agriculture
when you go home.
I'm definitely not smuggling anything.
I don't want any of our fine iceberg lettuce
growing
and it'll fuck up your whole ecosystem.
It's 98% water.
That's the secret.
I want to hear the story of the guy
climbing in your window.
You really want to hear that story?
Why watch CNN?
We don't watch CNN.
Here's a glimpse of
just this small part of
where in Mexico are you from?
I'm from Monterrey.
It's the northeast of the country south of Texas.
It's a pretty cool way to
the states.
Do you want to tell that story?
I was watching the
acclamation episode.
At 7.45pm
I was watching it on stream or something
and suddenly a guy just went into
this room. My house is very weird
and I just looked away from a computer.
I was reading an article
on the studio
and I was just like, excuse me?
And then he was just like
I'm going to take this. He was just trying to
grab my brother's laptop.
He came in the window? No, just through a door.
Oh, he came through the door? Through a door, yeah.
She's innovative.
Chill illegal, somebody said.
We got a lawyer
in the crowd.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you're going to hear
the defense emphasize that
he came through a door.
And that you come through doors on your birthday
when you love your mother, you come through a door.
It's still illegal.
You show clips from Twilight.
Isn't that true though?
That you use your door as a window sometimes?
I quote your uncle
at a movie theater. This is from
last July. He said you
made a better door than a window.
That's prosecution
rests.
Actually
he jumped
a fence and he dropped about 18 feet
because my house is really strange
and then he came through that door.
So he's a desperate man
coming in. Yeah, he had already tried to steal
a car before that.
Same guy? Same guy.
And he also tried to rob a woman with a knife
before that. He got nothing right
because in the end my dad
he just bit the shit out of him.
It's like dead wood down there.
At some point my mom came out with a sword.
I am never going to do that.
Sorry, wait a second. It's like Tokyo down there.
Your mother wields a sword?
She's a fencer.
She did fencing.
Oh really? She did fencing so she like
swords and she had a like a... Is it Saber or Epay?
No, it wasn't Epay.
Either way this guy picked the wrong house.
Then my dad is like 6'4".
He's like the Spencer.
They call him El Spencer.
Spencer is our dungeon master.
He's a giant.
So what happened to the guy?
Your dad kicked the tar out of him.
Yeah, and then my mom was like
your dad's glasses.
He can't see without these glasses because
he took the glasses off to fight the guy.
Yeah, I know the guy's in jail
for the next 14 years or something.
Wow.
It was like finally something worked out.
And you left all that to come here, huh?
That was like 2 years ago.
Really?
That was the point where you started.
I should get a passport.
I already had one, but I need to
I really need to get the fuck out of here.
The first thing pushing me out was the music.
Yeah, we're talking about the music.
Alright, just polka music.
Repeat what you said as an explanation
for how polka sounding music
ends up coming out of a boom box
with the guys that are painting my ceiling.
Who don't seem Polish.
But the music sounds so...
I'm from Milwaukee.
I know Polish culture.
I bowl.
I have like a 150 average.
I get spares and stuff.
This start is not as interesting as just
German immigrants coming to the north of the country
and just settling there and mixing with
the people from there.
And that's why people like me are white.
In Mexico.
So yeah, that's basically it.
It's just regional music
and it's awful.
But it's mostly from
the north of the country.
But I assume like, yeah, because country western
it sounds pretty similar.
And a lot of like...
When you get specific with a specific type
of music and you're just listening to that
type of music, I can't
tell the difference between
what genre of music you call it
when you hear like a
young black woman going,
"'Cause you made me
feelin' my opportunities.
I felt so right."
Like it's more of a showcase
of their vocal chords and there's no...
You can't even hear the music behind it.
R&B maybe you call that.
So you've got some pipes on her.
I wouldn't know.
If you played three of those in a row I'd be like,
you'd get mad and go,
no, that was like, one thing was from
78 and I'd go,
I'm sorry, I don't know.
Can we hear a little more of that?
Yes!
You treated me kind
of opportunities
from the break of dawn
to the evening
light.
We felt the time
when you
give me
you
in the city.
In the city.
That's Lou Reed.
Let's hear it for
Julietta, thank you so much.
Our correspondent from south of the border.
If you're looking for someone to draw something
and you can
provide
something that would
work on a work visa form,
you know.
You want to be an animator?
You are an animator, yes.
Juju Julietta
at
Twitter.
Did you guys have a fight there? Do you want to be an animator?
I am an animator.
It was a little fight.
I'm the only one that picks up on this stuff.
I know when people are pissed.
Julietta's pissed.
That was pretty good singing, Harmon.
I didn't know you had that range.
You made me fish
go,
go down to the avenue.
I'm a very 70s racist
with the cities in the avenue
and the street.
The lyrics,
who am I thinking of?
If you pick out the lyrics, it's really just about
loving
and people being loved and are you coming to love me?
I let you go.
It's just so,
because you're not listening to the person and going,
holy shit, she can really sing.
But you have
a surprising range of octaves.
You're like Mariah Carey.
God rest your soul.
I wasn't trying to be funny.
Do you remember
when Whitney Houston
died and the next day
her best of album was
cynically released?
No, it was already, it was just
$5 more.
And everyone thought it was, everyone
wrote into Apple and said, how dare you?
It was really crass and disgusting.
I have some respect.
And Apple went, oh no, no.
As you might expect, Apple is run by a computer.
The price goes up
when the wholesale price goes up.
It's just an algorithm and everyone slowly turned
to Sony Records.
And Sony Records went,
what the hell?
What a mistake.
I don't know.
No apology.
No admission of gullism.
Just a simple,
I didn't do it.
Jerry, did you do it?
What's her algorithm?
I ain't got no algorithms over here.
I hope her beautiful
sounding ghost
is hitting
high C-Boos
in their Reese Ways
keeping their children awake.
What's the highest note you can hit?
You got pretty high there.
Start in your middle, like baritone, tenor.
I want to see how high
you can actually hit a note.
I was impressed though.
Is there a song that goes up to a certain point?
Should we get a song?
I will always love you.
I don't know the lyrics to that.
I'm sorry.
I know that part.
But
I need to lead up to it.
Don't hit your
wagon to any real song.
You
I want to lead up to it.
You gave
me the best of me.
And you gave
myself to.
You treated me, treated me
good.
And you made me
feel
like a cuckoo.
What is that?
Is that like an
A cup? What is the terminology?
I think that was flat L.
I'm sick of having these conversations
about head high versus body high
at the dispensary.
I don't
get it. I'm never going to get it.
It seems to me that if my body
gets high enough, my head's going to
freak out anyway.
There's no logic to that
distinction.
Here's what I want to avoid.
Smoking pot and freaking out.
I shouldn't be smoking pot. I'm 39.
What am I doing with my life?
And then running into the street like Martin Lawrence in my
underwear.
But I'm pot.
I'm getting hungry and falling asleep.
But
I just, you know,
how does that help?
It's more of a head high.
What does that mean?
It's head high. That's stupid.
I'm complaining about this.
This is in my segment of complaining about things
you have no right to complain about.
You can't tell the difference between those two things?
Well, I don't know. I can't.
Your body gets high.
What does that make any sense?
Your arms and legs don't work.
Your body is all...
That's not a thing, though.
Your head's not on top of a body
that is high.
That's dumb.
Man, hold on.
Do you do drugs?
No, I just...
If I find out that you have been doing drugs...
I have a lot of anxiety
and I have a prescription.
This is the great state of California.
So you got renewed?
Yeah.
What'd you get?
Body high.
I'm just going to commit to that.
I don't know.
Body...
Banana fruit, yuccas,
Obi-Wan, Skywalker,
Yoda,
Plenty, OG,
Cush Cush, the orange...
Orange dynamite.
Like, give it a rest.
You guys are high.
Like, you go into these places
and it's like...
You guys are high when you...
When you furnished this place, you were high
when you said, let's open a pot store.
You were high last night when you took inventory.
You're high when you're giving me change.
You're...
It's adorable.
I'll take 20 grams of
Apple Nut
Cinecruise.
Dan...
The Terminator...
I want to give you a challenge.
I love Apple Nut Cinecruise,
but would you name me three other strains
of weed at your dispensary?
Yeah, like Octo...
And...
Blue Monkey
and...
Critter Bitter...
Back Tax...
Romney Razor...
Back to the Future Part Cush...
Desperado...
Mindy Kaling...
Extreme...
Did Spencer get here?
Spencer, come up on stage right now.
Spencer, our Dungeon Master, get up here.
And also, before Spencer sets up,
a reminder, Halloween,
what's the Harmontown right before Halloween?
There's one on the 22nd
and then there's one on the 29th.
And for the 29th, I would say that is our Halloween night.
Dan and I
and Aaron,
we will all be dressed as
Jarith from the movie Labyrinth, David Bowie's character.
And we encourage you all to come here.
We want a room full of Jariths.
We want the more Jariths the better
and may the best Jarith win.
And we're all going to find some poor fucking bar
in Los Angeles.
And I want 900 Jariths to walk into that bar.
So please, October 29th,
please come in your Jarith costume.
You got a mic over there, Spencer?
Yeah, yeah.
Did anyone who wasn't drinking as much as me remember,
did Adam Goldberg close the show last week?
He did. Adam, are you here?
Yeah.
If I recall, you sang an aria to End Our Show last time.
Did he come up on stage?
He did. He stood right here and he sang a...
It's all a blackout.
He sang like a Man of La Mancha kind of thing up here.
It was fantastic.
Was it good? It ended our show.
Well, I don't know. Maybe people got mad and left.
No, it was triumph.
I can't remember.
It was a triumph.
Spencer, catch us up with one of your patented Spencer recaps.
All right. Let's see here.
When we last met, our heroes...
Your guys are throwing me off.
When we last met, our heroes were turning in a quest
to the captain of the Wardens, Ferris.
Played by Greg Poops.
It was cool.
After getting the quest turned in,
they adjourned to the tavern where they met with Chacha.
Chacha reminded them of their encounter with Tylenol with Codeine,
a mystical unicorn,
revealed to be the patron saint of the Connie Forest.
There was a guy who gave you guys horses.
He gave you a strange emerald dagger.
Right.
You were introduced to the hastily cobbled together figure, Admiral Darkstar.
It was said that he owns...
Lords over part of the forest that Tylenol lives in,
and that there's an evil part of the forest
that is threatening to overtake the good part of the forest.
The forces of Admiral Darkstar threaten to overtake the forest of Connie through the shadows.
And he's an admiral in what, Navy?
He's got a... You don't know.
I mean, you don't have, like, the internet.
Okay.
All right.
Snap.
Dungeon Snap.
It's a very snarky god.
You got Dungeon Snap.
All right, so...
If Dungeon Snap me
Feeding my bosom like the ocean
Deep as my heart
How? Snap. Dungeon.
Snap. Dungeon.
Snap!
You guys are, you guys are clapping
wearily like anyone asked you to clap, like...
Dan, that got precisely the amount of applause that deserved.
I didn't want any.
So, and I resent you acting like I wanted any.
No, by going, by slow clapping it.
Like a tired old rich uncle.
No, they were just punctuating it.
All right, Spencer, where do we stand right now?
You had fell in asleep at camp.
You awakened a stupor and you're not sure exactly what's happening.
Tylenol with codeine is gone.
Was he really there or did you imagine the whole thing?
All the same, you feel like you should investigate the forest of shadows.
Where did Mulraine Sedona go?
Our half elf companion.
You want to come up here?
Is she playing? I don't know.
Well, I know she was gone last week
and we just went and hung out with the unicorns
and I don't think she's there.
In your high adventures you had managed to wander away
from your compatriot Mulraine Sedona
but being a ranger adept at tracking
she's managed to find you.
You'll never get away.
Yeah, that's good dungeon mastering there.
All right.
Spencer!
Spencer, I investigate our surroundings.
You see a winding path that heads towards gnarled dark trees.
Perhaps these are twisted by the arcane workings of the forest of shadows.
I think that's where we're going.
You know, we're still first level.
We keep acting like we're up for bigger and bad or shit
but we keep getting our...
I don't know, I'm just a little worried.
I would like to exercise caution.
I don't want to die.
We're not level two.
Well, look, I'm a gnome barbarian
and I'm always spoiling for a fight.
There's one thing that I hate, it's a gnarled tree.
I'm going to go right at those mother crows.
We don't even know.
So far we've been mercenaries,
like working for a promised reward, you know, some bubble.
Yeah, are we after anything right now?
Well, now we're just aligned.
Now we're just caring about a unicorn's forest.
Spencer, what are we headed toward?
What's our goal right now?
Admiral Darkstar hosts a dark ziggurat
brought deep within the forest of shadows where his dark cult...
What's a ziggurat again?
It's like a temple to ancient evil mayhaps
where dark rituals and sacrifices and midnight sturns.
And what's a...
Well, I have you, what's a duvet?
I don't know.
It's just a blanket, right?
I thought it was a blanket.
It's a sheet that you put a blanket inside.
It's the inside part.
There's a duvet cover and then there's the duvet.
Yeah, you put the duvet in there.
Isn't that just a comforter?
Do you have a duvet in your inventory?
He knows what a ziggurat is.
I've got a bedroll.
Is that like a duvet?
Yeah, I had a bedroll.
I lost my bedroll.
Spencer, I'm going to go out on a limb here.
Here's a bad pitch, crazy pitch.
Okay.
Like, hey, just spitball.
Like, we keep, it's a very dangerous life we're living.
And there's nothing wrong with just walking away.
Like, this dark forest is going to take over the light forest.
I mean, is anyone really going to die?
It's just going to be a darker forest.
They're already like hazardous places.
What sort of life are you going to go back to?
What do you got back home?
Well, I'm not going to go back home.
I just want to do different adventures.
Do what?
Well, you know, we don't even know who we are, man.
Like, what is this, what is this world?
I thought we made an agreement that when we met in the Mines of Calderon?
Yeah.
The Howling Mines of Calderon.
Dude, do you not remember the Howling Mines of Calderon?
It's not cool to bring that up.
And I storm off, and I storm off into the woods.
I catch up with Quark.
Quark.
Sharpie.
I'm Sharpie.
I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry.
Should I leave?
No.
I was speaking to the both of you.
Perhaps you should just kiss each other's ring of fires.
And be happy.
Call back.
Why do we keep hanging out with a homophobic elf?
I'm not a homophobic.
Why are you, you're a homophobic.
You're a homophobic by discouraging the homosexuality.
I'm a homa and courage omic.
I'm out of earshot of this because I've picked a sentimentally lit clearing in the woods.
If possible, if there's a place where there's a lake, I'm looking at the lake.
But I'm not presuming the presence of a lake.
Is there a lake?
And I'm looking, and I'm seeing the reflection of my father's face on the water.
And I'm having flashbacks to my early life.
I'm just hearing echoey voiceover of things like,
Sharpie, you've got to try harder than that.
You're no son of mine, mine, mine.
I'm kissing my arrows.
That's how I count.
If you guys are going to stand around and play grab-ass, I'm going to go toward the gnarled trees.
If you want to part company, I'm more of an adventurer than maybe you are.
I feel guilty and catch up a quirk.
I want to keep having my emotional moment, but I want to do it in turns.
I don't want to take up any more time than an average round of melee.
Do you want to do it in song, maybe?
No, no.
Do you want to look in the lake and maybe sing in a high falsetto?
I'm having a dexter flashback to a conversation with my dad and his magic workshop.
Dad, what are you doing?
Making a wand, son.
So is the wand magic automatically just because you make it?
You're magic. We're all magic.
I am magic.
God damn it, you're going to hit.
Dad.
I hit you.
Ow!
Sorry, son, it's not about you.
Dad, what is it? You can talk to me about anything.
It's your mother.
I had a mother?
You have a mother. I keep her in a hole underneath pounds and pounds of leaves.
She's giving me a lot of shit lately for keeping her in that hole.
Just don't get mixed up with a woman and don't put her in a hole.
Also, I have pancreatic cancer.
All right, I shake out of my doldrums and I find my compatriots newly invigorated by a recent emotional epiphany.
Meeting back up with your compatriots, they seem surprised that you've arrived so quickly.
I just had a flashback at the lake about my parents and I want to go back to my hometown.
That's right, son, believe in yourself.
That fire inside of you is true and it's going to burn down any dishonesty.
I can hear him right now.
And I'm not going to be able to give my all to this Admiral Darkstar mission while I'm listening to thoughts of my father.
I got to go back and talk to him.
I got to find out who I am.
Is there a chance that your father is Admiral Darkstar?
You'd love that, wouldn't you?
Maybe the atonement with the father in this mission is maybe a literal father.
Maybe what we're after is for you to atone with yourself and your lack of self-worth
and what you call your superiority complex is this weird inferiority complex
because you never live up to the expectations your father put on you.
Promise me something, Quark.
If I do this mission with you, we bring Admiral Darkstar to justice.
Come with me to my homeland.
So I can learn who I am.
I will do it under one condition.
And you have to make me a promise.
I will.
That she'll consecrate this pact in song.
And I want you to hit a note higher than you've ever hit in this entire show.
From volcanic mounds of mist nestled in gondor's shores, the Buttsalot clan majesty spread forever through the fields
and the heart of Zaron himself couldn't bring the skies to horn
but the swords and steel and horses hides make brew inside the storm
and the heart of the mountain makes the Buttsalot's heart twice as strong
and if you want my steel inside you, don't do me wrong
because my father's father's horse groomsman was a mightier man than thee
and I'll poop the sun and oceans and I'll turn the skies to pee.
That's hard to tell everybody. Thank you for coming.
We'll have a real adventure next week.
Well, next week apparently the skies turned to pee.
Ladies and gentlemen, Spencer, our Dungeon Master.
Good job.
Erin McGathy recreating the role of Mole Rain, Santana, Saldana.
All of you wonderful people here.
Julieta, also while we're at it, Katie Levine, our audio recording, Zac McKeever,
Emily Gordon, producer, Daniel Cramer, program director, Justin Marshall, podcast producer,
Mo Fathelbabonsai, director, Jenny Finer, artist.
Once again, I'm Jeff Davis.
Hear it for Dan Harmon, the mayor of Harmon Sound.
Dan.
Now we are here.
It's Dan Adieu.
Dan Adieu, your light and heart will shine.
Good night, you motherfucker.
We did it.